# README for viewer.py module

## Overview
This web application provides an interface for users to search and view the data collected using `scraper` module.
The application is built using Flask and provides a user-friendly interface for data exploration and analysis.

## Web Interface

The web interface consists of the following pages:

### Home Page

The home page provides an overview of the dataset and allows users to explore the data.

By clicking the `Explore StudentData` button, users can view the aggregated data and statistical profiling of the dataset.

### Programs Page 

The programs page allows users to filter the dataset by program and access the relevant reports.

A program search form with autocomplete is provided for users to filter samples by program. Upon entering a URL and clicking the `Fetch` button, the website generates and display a report.

A button `Show/Hide Snapshots` allows users to toggle the visibility of 
  a table displaying URL time snapshots.

### About Page 

The about page provides information about the project and the team.

## Installation and Setup

Given that compiler and interpreter are installed, the following steps are to be followed to run the application.
See `README.md` in the root directory for more information on setting up the environment.

To install the required packages, run:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

The application is designed to work with the dataset generated by the `scraper` module.
If you have not already done so, run the `scraper` module to generate the dataset (see the `scraper` module README for more information).

## Usage

### Running the Application

To run the application from the root directory of the project, execute the following command:
    
    ```python viewer```

The application will start on the configured host and port, defaulting to `127.0.0.1:5000`.

Access the application through a web browser at `http://<HOST>:<PORT>`, where `<HOST>` and `<PORT>` are your configured settings.

### Using the Application

Explore the entire dataset using "Explore StudentData" button on the home page.

Use "Programs" page to filter individual programs.

## Structure
- `app.py`: Main Flask application setup and routes.
- `templates/`: HTML templates for the web application.
- `static/`: Static files (e.g., CSS, JavaScript) for the web application.
- `src/models.py`: StudentData models for the application.
- `src/views.py`: View functions for the application.
