# README for viewer.py module

## Overview
This web application provides an interface for users to search and view the data collected using `scraper` module.
The application is built using Flask and provides a user-friendly interface for data exploration and analysis.

## Key Features
- **URL Search**: Allows users to search for specific URLs related to PhD programs.
- **Data Profiling**: Generates profiling reports for selected URLs.
- **Snapshot Viewing**: Displays historical snapshots of data for comparative analysis.

## Installation and Setup

To install the required packages, run:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

The application is designed to work with the dataset generated by the `scraper` module.
If you have not already done so, run the `scraper` module to generate the dataset (see the `scraper` module README for more information).

## Usage

### Running the Application

To run the application from the root directory of the project, execute the following command:
    
    ```python viewer```

The application will start on the configured host and port, defaulting to `127.0.0.1:5000`.

Access the application through a web browser at `http://<HOST>:<PORT>`, where `<HOST>` and `<PORT>` are your configured settings.

### Using the Application

Explore the entire dataset using "Explore Data" button on the home page.

Use "Programs" page to filter individual programs.

## Structure
- `app.py`: Main Flask application setup and routes.
- `templates/`: HTML templates for the web application.
- `static/`: Static files (e.g., CSS, JavaScript) for the web application.
- `src/models.py`: Data models for the application.
- `src/views.py`: View functions for the application.
